fix: elaborate on "non-flux state management" (#2469)
vuejs/vuejs.org: src/v2/style-guide/index.md

**[Vuex](https://github.com/vuejs/vuex) should be preferred for global state management, instead of `this.$root` or a global event bus.**

> Managing state on `this.$root` and/or using a [global event bus](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/migration.html#dispatch-and-broadcast-replaced) can be convenient for very simple cases, but are not appropriate for most applications.

Reviewer: I know this isn't your original sentence, but could you update this to match the subject plurality

```suggestion
Managing state on `this.$root` and/or using a [global event bus](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/migration.html#dispatch-and-broadcast-replaced) can be convenient for very simple cases, but it is not appropriate for most applications.
```

> Vuex is the [official flux-like implementation](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/state-management.html#Official-Flux-Like-Implementation) for Vue, and offers not only a central place to manage state, but also tools for organizing, tracking, and debugging state changes. It simplifies debugging, and integrates well in the Vue ecosystem (including full [Vue DevTools](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/installation.html#Vue-Devtools) support).

Reviewer 2: @sarahdayan I think we are repeating `debugging` twice here; maybe let's remove the second mention?
```suggestion
Vuex is the [official flux-like implementation](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/state-management.html#Official-Flux-Like-Implementation) for Vue, and offers not only a central place to manage state, but also tools for organizing, tracking, and debugging state changes. It integrates well in the Vue ecosystem (including full [Vue DevTools](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/installation.html#Vue-Devtools) support).
```

Author: Great point!
